# Kickstarter-analyssis
Performing analysis on Kickstarter data to uncover trends
# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaigns
# Kickstarting with Excel
## Overview of Project
The purpose of the kickstart analysis was to compare Kickstarter campaigns and their outcomes based off country, funding goals, categories, etc. to help Louise have success with her campaign.  The Kickstart challenge focused on the outcomes based on goals and launch date. We were able to see how many, based on numerical number and percentage of campaigns were successful, failed, or canceled. We were also able to compare the same outcomes based off launch date. Launch dates can help us decipher between which months are more favorable as well as what time of year is more profitable. 
## Analysis and Challenges
### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch
### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals
### Challenge and Difficulties Encountered
To perform the analysis and make the huge data set of Kickstart easier to decipher and visualize, we had to perform new skills, formula calculations, and visual charts of our findings. We were able to filter theater and plays as our main subcategory as Louise was planning to start a play campaign. We used the data set to produce several charts throughout the analysis and challenge. These charts were able to break down the data into a visual, that can be easily understood. We can easily present and tweak our findings within seconds to enhance quick understanding. 
	There were several challenges I had to overcome. My main difficulty was the formula calculations. Excel is no different than any other software where you have to be precise on your input. I had to correct myself on putting the parenthesis and commas in the right spots. This obstacle delayed my completion time on deliverable 2 of this challenge. 
## Results
There were more successful Theater outcomes than failed or cancelled. The most successful months were May, June, and July. The outcomes peaked at May and took a slow descend into June and July. We can also see looking at the most successful months that they were also the months with highest number of plays performed total. We can conclude that if Louise wanted a successful campaign, her probability of success would be much higher within those months. 
	The Outcomes based on Goals that Louise has a higher chance of successfully reaching her campaign goal, if she sets her goal at a lower dollar amount of $4,999 or less. Those campaigns had the highest percentage of success. Campaign goals that were set at $45,000 or more would have an average of percentage over 93% chance of failing. 
	Louise had interest with theatre and plays in the US and Great Britain. We could have created the same charts that compared the two different geographical locations.  These charts would have helped Louise easily visualize between the two countries, which country had success in their outcomes and if the geographical locations differed in the goal amount. Though the data does not have specifics to why outcomes were successful, failed, or cancelled in a geographic or cultural context. It is a definite data incite to review. It could possibly be a limitation to Louise making a sound decision, where she would hold her campaign. 
